Mothers day free sms message
mothers day text,mothers day free text,mothers day sms,mothers day free sms,mothers day sms collection,free sms mothers day, sms mothers day	
In this section we present the most largest collection of Happy Mothers Day  SMS ,you can send free SMS Happy Mothers Day . messages to Usa,sms Happy Mothers Day . text message also to Canada,Happy Mothers Day text mothers day sms message to Great Britain,IHappy Mothers Day .India,Happy Mothers Day .Pakistan and worldwide.
Mommy, I love you For all that you do.Ill kiss you and hug you Cause you love me, too. You feed me and need me To teach you to play,So smile cause I love you.Happy Mothers Day .
Category  Mothers day text message

What the heart gives away is never gone, but kept in the hearts of others, from dusk to dawn. Love you from the core of my heart. Happy Mothers Day .
Category  Mothers day text message

M - For the MILLION things she gave me, O - For she's growing OLD, T - For the TEARS she shed to save me, H - For her HEART of purest gold, E - For her EYES, with love-light shining, R - For she is always RIGHT and always be. 
Category  Mothers day text message



Golden facts of life...Wen someone luv u...u dont realize it. when u realize it..its too late..U always luv the one who leaves u and leave the one who luvs u.Happy Mothers Day .! 
Category  Mothers day text message


The love she has deep in her heart, Always gives me a good jump start, She is the one whos love is true, Thank u Mom for being u.Happy Mothers Day .
Category  Mothers day text message

For the best mom who always had a smile for me I know we may be far apart right now So heres a great big hug and kiss Happy Mothers Day .
Category  Mothers day text message

Happy Mother's Day means more than flowers and gifts It means saying thank you It means I love you You are my mother, my friend Today is your daySo many wonderful moments we have spent together, so many wonderful years in all kinds of weather, thinking of u mother brings memories to mind, wonderful moments i ll treasure, these u gve me sincerely thats why my mom , I love u so dearly. Happy Mothers Day My dear Mom.
Category  Mothers day text message

who always had a smile for me I know we may be far apart right now So here's a great big hug and kiss Happy Mothers Day .
Category  Mothers day text message

On this Mothers Day 
M - For the MILLION things she gave me, 
O - For she's growing OLD, 
T - For the TEARS she shed to save me, 
H - For her HEART of purest gold, 
E - For her EYES, with love-light shining, 
R - For she is always RIGHT and always be. 
Category  Mothers day text message

Thanku mother for all that u do, i know my thanks are far to few, I really do love u i dont say enough, 4 me those words r really tough, i wish i could express all that i feel, bt 4 me u know thats a big deal, Have a g8 day i m thinking of u , i hope my feelings r getting through. Happy Mothers Day .
Category  Mothers day text message


mothers day text,mothers day free text,mothers day sms,mothers day free sms,mothers day sms collection,free sms mothers day, sms mothers day	
When u feel u r alone in a crowd, when u think no one can understand u, when u think ur love is rejected by others, and when u hate ur life just close ur eyes and think about her who loves u truly, cares for u in ur loneliness, dies when u cry, she is no one else but ur MOM...Happy Mothers Day .
Category  Mothers day text message






Give your mother a little something to show that you are thinking about her, and youll be sure to make her smile.
Category  Mothers day text message

Thanku mother for all that u do, i know my thanks are far to few, I really do love u i dont say enough, 4 me those words r really tough, i wish i could express all that i feel, bt 4 me u know thats a big deal, Have a g8 day i m thinking of u , i hope my feelings r getting through. Happy Mothers Day .
Category  Mothers day text message

For the best mom who always had a smile for me I know we may be far apart right now So heres a great big hug and kiss Happy Mothers Day .
Category  Mothers day text message



Make for me a place within your heart,On which I can depend. For only you Touch the ancient wellsprings of my tears, Home through all the wanderings of my years, Eden that no other can renew, Root I cannot rend through rage or art. 
Category  Mothers day text message

Youve seen me laugh Youve seen me cry And always you were there with me I may not have always said it But thanks and I love you Happy Mothers Day .
Category  Mothers day text message

Make for me a place within your heart On which I can depend. For only you Touch the ancient wellsprings of my tears, Home through all the wanderings of my years, Eden that no other can renew, Root I cannot rend through rage or art. 
Category  Mothers day text message

So many wonderful moments we have spent together, so many wonderful years in all kinds of weather, thinking of u mother brings memories to mind, wonderful moments i ll treasure, these u gve me sincerely thats why my mom , I love u so dearly. Happy Mothers Day 
Category  Mothers day text message

You've seen me laugh You've seen me cry And always you were there with me I may not have always said it But thanks and I love you Happy Mothers Day .
Category  Mothers day text message

Being a great mother is a very hard role, but mother u r the star for this one I know, I love you Mom. Happy Mothers Day .
Category  Mothers day text message

Mommy, I love you For all that you do.I'll kiss you and hug you Cause you love me, too.You feed me and need me To teach you to play,So smile 'cause I love you On this Mother's Day. Mommy, I love you.Happy Mothers Day .
Category  Mothers day text message

A mother serves her sugar with A bit of peppermint To clarify the passages That carry what she meant When she first set to bear a soul Quite separate from her own, Whom she would cherish, yet must teach To live and die alone. 
Category  Mothers day text message

The full form ofMUMMY
M-Maa
U-U Live
M-Many
M-More
Y-Years
Forward this msg to spread this Dua 4 ur mom 2
make her Live Long
May Allah Bless Our Mothers.... 
Category  Mothers day text message

Only luv never anger Teaching me Helping me Every smile when I was sad Raising me to be strong It spells Mother. Thanks for being u.Happy Mothers Day .
Category  Mothers day text message
Smiles of happy sunshine,
Arms of everlasting luv,
Touch of sweet roses,
There is magic in the air
Whenever ur there,
Mother, everything to U I owe,
May all pleasures of life come ur way.
Happy Mothers day
Love your parents
and treat them
with loving care...
For you will
only know
their value
when you see
their empty chair...
Youve seen me laugh
Youve seen me cry
And always you were there with me
I may not have always said it
But thanks and I love you
Happy Mothers Day.
I take this opportunity
to thank you for
your immeasurable
contribution to my life.
Thank you Mom!
  And wish you a
Very Happy Mothers Day!
Hundreds of stars in the pretty sky,
Hundreds of shells on the shore together,

Hundreds of birds that go singing by,
Hundreds of lambs in the sunny weather.

Hundreds of dewdrops to greet the dawn,
Hundreds of bees in the purple clover,

Hundreds of butterflies on the lawn,
But only one mother the world wide over.
You have grown to be
someone that I can trust with my own feelings,
someone that I can look to when I need a helping hand, and
someone that is a remarkable example of resilience and strength.
The fact that youre my daughter makes me even more proud of who you are!
  Happy Mothers Day!
You are such an important part of our family
and
each day I am reminded of how special you are to
me,
my son,
and my grandchildren.

Happy Mothers Day To A Fabulous Daughter!
  Youre not just my child.
You are a mother.
You are woman with her own responsibilities, tests, and experiences.
You are an influence in the lives of your own children and in your family.
May you continue to enjoy the success that you have experienced as a result of taking on the name...Mother!
Happy Mothers Day, Daughter!
  You deserve all of the honour and praise for all that you do.
You are an excellent mother and sister.
You are loved more than you may ever know!
  
Happy Mothers Day!
You get a wish.
In fact, Im sending you two.
Its the least I could do
for someone as magical as you!

Happy Mothers Day From A Secret Friend!

The Super most example of love in My life.

When apples were 4 & we were 5,
then my mother said,
I dont like Apples.
(Bu Ali Sina)